you said something that really pissed me off and really pissed me off
when I was a
kid and I trained like a guy from a village
who's towing things, pulling
bags, like an
orangutan workout and I promise you man that when
you said No, it's that yes yes yes yes with
any weight no matter how much you weigh if you
're not able to lift 60 kilos you're a
failure I said a failure Look, I
[ __ ] on your [ __ ] mother, this son of a
[ __ ] It took me a while to be able to
lift more than 60 kg I find it a little
crazy that Antonio is laughing at me
saying this to him If you're
starting a debate with someone and he
starts, no, no, I [ __ ] on your [ __ ] mother,
this son of a [ __ ], I don't know what, I don't know how much, listen to me Calm down,
respect, let's
start by treating each other clearly, you
told me that I'm a 150 kg guy
without saying my name no and I have a name,
I'm not a 150 kg guy I [ __ ] on your
[ __ ] mother  mother is what it is you screwed me I
[ __ ] on your [ __ ] mother is what it is you
screwed me goddamn Well here I would already cut
the debate man put you here and call you your
[ __ ] mother three or four times Antonio has
n't spoken yet and here
Antonio is laughing well the truth is I don't
understand why you do it Antonio I don't
understand why you allow him to
treat you like that why because he has
viewers